VIM/Nano Homework

Name: Phillip Guo
Your University Login ID: 118874111
Course and Section Number: HACS100 0101

You may use either vim or nano for this assignment. You must include the actions taken or shortcuts used to complete each task to receive credit.

1) Find this file in the /tmp directory on terpconnect and make a copy of it in your own home directory.
cp /tmp/HW_vim.txt ~

2) Edit the new copy of the file: first by putting your name and other information in the space above. Make sure to remove the underscores that are typed in there showing you where to put your information.
used a three times

3) Once you have done task #2 delete that whole item of the list using commands.
dd

4) Change the directions of #1 so that it has the full name of the machine terpconnect.umd.edu rather than the shorter version.

5) Save the current state of the buffer as a file named "editor.step05", where editor is replaced with "vim" or "nano" depending on which you are using.

6) Go to the place where you put your name and other information above and put one underscore after each of the items. Hint: This should be done using $ in command mode in vim or CTRL + E in nano to move to the end of a line.  

7) Remove the Hint from the directions of #6 using commands.

8) Go to the beginning of each line you have completed so far and put a * at the beginning of that line.

9) Change teh two typing misstakes on this line to fix my errors.

10) Save the current state of the buffer as a file named "editor.step10", where editor is replaced with "vim" or "nano" depending on which you are using.

11) Change the first word on this line to Modify.

12) Use commands to delete everything on this line that comes before the * and leave the things that come after.

13) Delete every e you find in this line (note: this will be a series of commands - not a single command) (For nano only: CTRL + D deletes the character under the cursor)

14) Delete this whole line

15) Save the current state of the buffer as a file named "editor.step15", where editor is replaced with "vim" or "nano" depending on which you are using.

16) Copy this line so that it appears 3 times rather than once (For vim only: y = yank [copy] and p = paste)

17) Type your name between the stars: **

18) Delete the word that appears twice on this this line.

19) Delete the parenthetical. (These are things that appear between parentheses.)

20) Save the current state of the buffer as a file named "editor.step20", where editor is replaced with "vim" or "nano" depending on which you are using.

